SAMPLE LINKEDIN MESSAGE TEMPLATES
Email to Software Developer

Hi (name), I’m reaching out to my LinkedIn network and see we’re connected (insert your profile link) . I’ve recently entered the software development space as a (fullstack/frontend/backend) engineer and I’m currently exploring companies. It would be extremely valuable to me to learn more about your professional journey as an engineer and any insight you have of the industry. Would you be open to a 15-20 minute call /videochat in the next couple of weeks? I promise not to take up much of your time, as I’m sure you’re busy! Thank you so much, and look forward to hearing from you.

Email to Recruiter/HR

Hi (name), I’m reaching out to my LinkedIn network, and I see we’re connected (insert your profile link) . I’ve recently entered the software development space as a (fullstack/frontend/backend) engineer and I’m currently researching companies. It would be extremely valuable to me to learn more about XXXCOMPANY and the roles you’re hiring for this year. Would you be open to a 15-20 minute call /videochat in the next couple of weeks? I promise not to take up much of your time, as I’m sure you’re busy! Thank you so much, and look forward to hearing from you.

Email to non-developer from LI

Hi (name), I’m reaching out to my LinkedIn network and see we’re connected (insert your profile link) I’m exploring companies and I see you work at (company). I’d love the chance to learn more about the culture there, how you like it and your professional journey. Would you be open to a 15-20 minute call or Google Hangout? I promise not to take up too much of your time. I appreciate it!

If there is no email in their Contact info, send a LinkedIn message.
LinkedIn Message to App Academy Alumnus

Hi (name), I see you’re an App Academy Grad. I recently graduated from a/A and am looking to expand my network. I see you’re currently at XXXXXCompany. I’d certainly like to learn more about your professional journey and what types of projects you’re working on. Would you be open to a 15-20 minute call /videochat in the next couple of weeks? I promise not to take up too much time. Thank you and I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Event Follow up Email

Hi XXX, I hope you're doing great. We met at the APM Conference last week, where we talked about your career at XXXX. If you recall, I'm currently exploring companies where I could fit as a software developer. XXXXXX (company) seems like it could be a good fit for me (or XXXXX is my dream company), and if it's okay with you, I'd love to ask you a few questions about your experience there and your professional journey. Do you have time for a quick coffee or google hangout this/next week? I can come to your office or wherever is most convenient for you. Your input will be very valuable to me! Best, Ashley Don’t forget to invite them to connect on LinkedIn!
Message Input


Message #2019-02-11-online